Simplify signature of actions and remove ScaleByDtAction (#1403)
precice/precice: docs/changelog/1403.md

> - Removes ScaleByDtAction and (internally) simplifies signature of all actions for easier maintainment and simpler code. See #1358 and #934.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed action `ScaleByDtAction` and (internally) simplified signature of all actions for easier maintaining and simpler code.
```
